---
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
#
#     This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
#     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.
#
#     Please read more about how to change this file at
#     https://github.com/Azure/magic-module-specs
#
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_web_application_firewall_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-web-application-firewall-policy"
description: |-
  Manage Azure WebApplicationFirewallPolicy instance.
---

# azurerm_web_application_firewall_policy

Manage Azure WebApplicationFirewallPolicy instance.


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the policy. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group` - (Required) The name of the resource group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `id` - (Optional) Resource ID. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `location` - (Optional) Resource location. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `custom_rules` - (Optional) One or more `custom_rule` block defined below.

* `etag` - (Optional) Gets a unique read-only string that changes whenever the resource is updated. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `policy_settings` - (Optional) One `policy_setting` block defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) Resource tags. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

The `custom_rule` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Gets name of the resource that is unique within a policy. This name can be used to access the resource.

* `priority` - (Required) Describes priority of the rule. Rules with a lower value will be evaluated before rules with a higher value

* `rule_type` - (Required) Describes type of rule Defaults to `MatchRule`.

* `match_conditions` - (Required) One or more `match_condition` block defined below.

* `action` - (Required) Type of Actions Defaults to `Allow`.


---

The `match_condition` block supports the following:

* `match_variables` - (Required) One or more `match_variable` block defined below.

* `operator` - (Required) Describes operator to be matched Defaults to `IPMatch`.

* `negation_conditon` - (Optional) Describes if this is negate condition or not

* `match_values` - (Required) Match value

* `transforms` - (Optional) List of transforms Defaults to `Lowercase`.


---

The `match_variable` block supports the following:

* `variable_name` - (Required) Match Variable Defaults to `RemoteAddr`.

* `selector` - (Optional) Describes field of the matchVariable collection

---

The `policy_setting` block supports the following:

* `enabled_state` - (Optional) Describes if the policy is in enabled state or disabled state Defaults to `Disabled`.

* `mode` - (Optional) Describes if it is in detection mode  or prevention mode at policy level Defaults to `Prevention`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `provisioning_state` - Provisioning state of the WebApplicationFirewallPolicy.

* `resource_state` - 

* `type` - Resource type.
